# DiscordSelfbot
[Discord] - SelfBot is a Script Gathering for Windows systems written in Python.  This SelfBot has a total of about 60 commands to make your life on discord easier. It has a nice and intuitive interface to make it easy to use for everyone, help and explanations for each command, a very complete help command.  Disclaimer SelfBot was made for Educational purposes This project was created only for good purposes and personal use. By using this SelfBot, you agree that you hold responsibility and accountability of any consequences caused by your actions. Features General Commands Useful Commands ATIO Commands Exploit Commands Fun Commands Server Commands Friend Commands Groupe Commands Meme Commands Meme Commands How To Setup/Install First of all please set a prefix in the config.json file! {     "token": "TOKEN-HERE",      "password": "PASSWORD-HERE", #Useful for some options     "prefix": "PREFIX-HERE",          "nitro_sniper": true, #Can take the value: true or false     "giveaway_sniper": true, #Can take the value: true or false      "stream_url": "https://twitch.tv/USERNAME", #Useful for the statue     "tts_language": "en" #Set the language of the tts messages } 1st・Installation (Automated installation) Launch the setup.bat file. A new file will be created. You will only have to launch it. 2nd・Installation (Manual installation) $ git clone https://github.com/AstraaDev/Discord-SelfBot.git $ python -m pip install -r requirements.txt $ python selfbot.py Additional Informations General Informations:  If you have a problem, CLICK HERE to watch the YouTube video. If you find any malfunction, contact me on Discord: Astraa#6100 or join my Discord Server. Example help_command.png
